The role of Niuyang Dali Pills
It is to condense the qi and blood of the whole body into one piece
Others may not be able to control this trend
The qi and blood brought by the run-away of Niu Yang Daiman
But the Wudu with inheritance is the same
I can turn this rampant blood
Condensed where I make me want to condense
Come and tell me, okay?
Not fun.
I thought I was already awesome
As a result, even you can't beat you after the swelling
Not to mention the boss
Leapfrog the boss
Yes, so
It's not good for you to be a stupid dog
Do you want the liar to say what you are doing?
I just don't want to be a dog anymore
A dog is a dog.
A dog who thinks he has learned the infinite
Are you eligible to be called?
You all know
Do you know why I've never liked you?
If it wasn't for my dad's arrangement
Just like you
You don't learn Wuji
So all of this.
It's all arranged by you
Yes!
After all, you're just a piece of crap.